## ABSTRACT
What are term deposits? Term deposits are fixed-term investments which involve deposit of money to an account in a financial institution such a bank for instance. Who would subscribe to a term deposit? The bank must reach out to multiple candidates who might subscribe to their term deposit. This can involve either reaching out to their existing customers or generating new leads by taking the time to talk with them about how a term deposit is beneficial and a good short term investment. Searching prospective candidates for the term deposit subscription is a time consuming, expensive job and so these financial institutions usually hire marketing companies to do it for them. Marketing companies would pursue a wide range of leads which includes both potential subscribers and those who wouldn’t subscribe. Trying to pursue the latter would be a complete waste of time.
<br />
With the help of this term deposit predictor, the bank can effectively identify which of these leads are potential subscribers and which are not. This way they can focus on pursuing only potential candidates and not waste time on others. They can also predict whether a candidate will subscribe or not based on their profile and thus can easily generate their own leads rather than depend on a marketing company. Using the data collected by a telemarketing company hired by a Portuguese banking institution, the project intends to build a predictive model which we believe would save time, money and increase search efficiency if implemented by the bank.
